hsi_fits2map function to extract single image maps from image datacube (#35)
sunpy/sunkit-instruments: changelog/35.feature.rst

> Add `sunkit-instruments.rhessi.hsi_fits2map` function to extract `sunpy.map.Map` objects from a RHESSI 4D image cube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `sunkit_instruments.rhessi.hsi_fits2map` function to extract `sunpy.map.Map` objects from a RHESSI 4D image cube.
```

> Add `sunkit_instruments.rhessi.hsi_fits2map` function to extract `sunpy.map.Map` objects from a RHESSI 4D image cube.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add :func:`sunkit_instruments.rhessi.imagecube2map` function to extract `sunpy.map.MapSequence` objects from a RHESSI 4D image cube.
```
